update octostack (#50)
octoml/fern-config: fern/docs/private-deployment/octostack.mdx

### Easy to use APIs & customization
Application developers can use OctoStack’s industry-standard API’s, including Python and Typescript SDK’s. Our ergonomic API’s allow rapid development and integration. You can easily load and run open source models, and fine-tuned checkpoints.

# Configuration & Deployment

### GPU Configuration

> OctoStack can run a multi-GPU configuration to improve throughout and latency, which is easily enabled with a single configuration setting. We recommend using multiple GPU’s per replica when running models with higher precision and a greater number of parameters. The OctoAI team can help you identify the multi-GPU configuration that best matches your throughput & latency goals. 

Reviewer: should this be 

```suggestion
OctoStack can run a multi-GPU configuration to improve throughput and latency, which is easily enabled with a single configuration setting. We recommend using multiple GPU’s per replica when running models with higher precision and a greater number of parameters. The OctoAI team can help you identify the multi-GPU configuration that best matches your throughput & latency goals. 
```

### Prerequisites

OctoStack is comptable with all cloud environments - these are key system requirements:

- Kubernetes, or Docker & Docker Compose
- Redis in cluster mode
- NVIDIA drivers

> - GPU’s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- GPUs
```

>     - OctoStack supports a range of hardware including A10G, A100, and H100 GPU’s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - OctoStack supports a range of hardware including A10G, A100, and H100 GPUs
```

>     - A100’s such as AWS p4d.24xlarge instances can support a broad set of models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A100s such as AWS p4d.24xlarge instances can support a broad set of models
```

### Deployment

OctoStack supports Kubernetes deployment via manifest files, and a Docker Compose deployment compatible with any container orchestration service. There’s a few simple steps to deploy:

> 1. OctoAI allow lists your AWS account, so you can access OctoStack containers in OctoAI’s AWS ECR.

Reviewer: This is phrased confusingly to me -- do you mind adding some clarity?

Author: sure, I will spin up a follow on change for this
